
            Character A: "How did you find out about the ruins most people think are just a fairy tale?"

            Character B: "I overheard someone at a tavern talking about it."

            Character A: "So, you don’t know anything about the ruins of Alexandria or why people are searching for it?"

            Character B: "Not really."

            Character A: "Every 5,000 years, an island rises from the sea, bringing chaos—disasters, famines, even a plague that wiped out millions.
             its as if the world was cleansing itself

            Character A: "A virus from the island made its way to the mainland, spreading like wildfire and causing millions to die. But this was no ordinary virus—it mutated its victims, 
             turning them into savage, barbaric monsters. No race was safe, not even the powerful High Elves.

            Character A: "But the ones who saved us were none other than humans. You see, humans don’t have the organ to store or process mana, so they can’t use magic. But due to the virus, 
             some humans, instead of mutating into monsters, evolved and gained supernatural abilities that surpassed magic.

            Character A: "Magic is created by storing mana within oneself and using it as a sort of fuel."

            Character B: "Oh, so kind of like furnace the more coal you put in the more powerful the flame."

            Character A: Uh sure , but these humans, instead of storing the mana and outputting magic, it was as if their bodies produced the magic itself. It became a part of them.

            Character A "These humans are known as the Twelve Pillars. Their powers were passed down through generations, though not all the bloodlines survived, and only four of the Twelve are still known to be alive."

            Character B: "Wait, so King Aurelian is one of those Twelve Pillars' descendants?"

            Character A: "Yes, he is a descendant of one of them. But just because the virus was handled didn’t mean the disaster was over.

            Character A: "Before the world could be wiped out, one powerful High Elf mage, along with two of the Pillars, sacrificed themselves to seal the island and stop it 
            from submerging back into the ocean so the cycle wouldn’t repeat itself.

            Character A: "The only way onto the island now is to find the teleportation circle left by the mage. Only one remains, and it’s said to be hidden deep in a dungeon filled with traps, ensuring no one can reach it.

            Character A: "People rumor that the island brings such chaos because it’s protecting something priceless. Others say the mage isn’t dead but sealed it away and faked his death to keep the island to himself.

            Character A: "And to think you were going to search for Alexandria with no clue in the world—it's really funny."

            Character B: "That’s why I have you now, partner. So, where to?"

            Character A: "Well, from my research, the Plague first started in the southern region, in a small village near a huge canyon. That could be where the circle is."
            that could be a good starting point.

            Character B: "Wait, are you talking about Lyndrindell? That’s where I’m from! And now that you mention it, I remember there being a huge cave system I used to explore as a kid. That could be the dungeon."

            Character B: "To think the place I’m searching for was under my nose the entire time."

            Character A: "Don’t get too excited. We don’t know if Lyndrindell is the right place. It’s getting dark—let’s find a place to camp out."
